# YapilyApi.AccountRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**transactionFrom** | **Date** | __Optional__. Used to specify the lower bound on when to pull transaction. This should be declared when accessing transaction older than 90 days for banks in the [CBI Globe](https://docs.yapily.com/pages/knowledge/open-banking/cbi_globe/). | [optional] 
**transactionTo** | **Date** | __Optional__. When performing a request using the consent, this is the latest date of transaction records that can be retrieved. | [optional] 
**expiresAt** | **Date** | __Optional__. Used to set a hard date for when the user&#39;s associated &#x60;Consent&#x60; will expire.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;**Note**: If this supported by the bank, specifying this is property is opting out of having a long-lived consent that can be perpetually re-authorised by the user. This will add an &#x60;expiresAt&#x60; field on the &#x60;Consent&#x60; object which will render it unusable after this date.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;**Note**: This is not supported by every &#x60;Institution&#x60;. In such case, the request will not fail but the property will be ignored and the created &#x60;Consent&#x60; will not have an expiry date. | [optional] 
**accountIdentifiers** | [**AccountInfo**](AccountInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**accountIdentifiersForTransaction** | [**[AccountInfo]**](AccountInfo.md) | __Conditional__. Used to create a request for the transactions of the account specified. Once the user authorises the request, only the transactions can be obtained by executing [GET Account Transactions](./#get-account-transactions). &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;This can be specified in conjunction with &#x60;accountIdentifiersForBalance&#x60; to generate a &#x60;Consent&#x60; that can both access the accounts balance and transactions. | [optional] 
**accountIdentifiersForBalance** | [**[AccountInfo]**](AccountInfo.md) | __Conditional__. Used to create a request for the balance of the account specified. Once the user authorises the request, only the balance can be obtained by executing [GET Account Balances](./#get-account-balances).&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt; This can be specified in conjunction with &#x60;accountIdentifiersForTransaction&#x60; to generate a &#x60;Consent&#x60; that can both access the accounts balance and transactions. | [optional] 
**featureScope** | [**[FeatureEnum]**](FeatureEnum.md) | __Optional__. Used to granularly specify the set of features that the user will give their consent for when requesting access to their account information. Depending on the &#x60;Institution&#x60;, this may also populate a consent screen which list these scopes before the user authorises.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;This endpoint accepts allow all [Financial Data Features](/guides/financial-data/features/#feature-list) that the &#x60;Institution&#x60; supports.To find out which scopes an &#x60;Institution&#x60; supports, check [GET Institution](./#get-institution). | [optional] 


